Inspritation: I decided to make this game because I was bored and I wanted to make a simple game with python. This took me around 5 hours to make all the modes (currently as of 25/5/25).
I wanted to create this page so you can get a game that you may want without having to code it all. Different game modes for reflex tests. This basically just test your reflex
and see if you can react well or not. If you lose? Don't worry, it's just a game after all. It does not define you.

EASY MODE:
The easiest of out them all, the blocks move really slow and normal at the end. If you are unable to beat this,
you may have reflex issues because it is not difficult. You also only get one life due to it being too easy.
Blocks only spawn on the north, nowhere else. This is the initial mode I created.

MEDIUM MODE:
Built simple, it is a bit more harder than easy, but managable. It requires normal reflex to beat.
You only get one life though... It only spawns on the north

MULTI SPAWN MODE:
Multiple sides can spawn blocks, but slower than easy mode. Dodging is a bit difficult, but it is possible.
It will spawn on east, west and north. South is excluded so it may fix double blocks stacked issues.

HARD MODE:
Extremely difficult, only spawns on the north but everything goes VERY fast. If you beat this, you have excellent reflexes.
It spawns very fast where you just have to always be at the correct spot and not get hit by the block. You have less than half a second to react.
You only get one life for this, which makes this very difficult.

INSANE MODE:

Single Life Mode: Impossible as the blocks are very fast and reacting without getting hit is impossible (unless if you are superhuman).

5 Lives Mode: Very difficult, as parts spawn very quickly (as usual). I was able to get a minimum of 63 seconds left. If you beat this, then let me know! It would be
great to show your reflex skills. It would require a lot of skill because the objects are going to be extremely fast, so beating it is a good thing to show off.

5 Lives Mode + Green Block 20 Lives: Extremely faster than all the 2 other styles of insane mode. But hitting a green block gives you 20 health. But you get a fee of -2 lives every
30 seconds. Collecting more resets it to 20 (it does not stack), and the fee does not stack too. I was only able to beat this one, but it is still very challenging, especially
with low lives and the fee can be a problem. It can either help or make things worse for you. Well, it's all up to RNG if it will be nice or not.
